Various improvements to step content and bootstrap script (#14)
skills-dev/migrate-ado-repository: .github/steps/2-step.md

1. Verify the role was granted successfully by checking the command output. You should see a message like:

   ```bash

>    [2025-08-14 15:22:55] [INFO] Migrator role successfully set for the USER "{{ login }}"

Reviewer: nitpick
```suggestion
   [yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss] [INFO] Migrator role successfully set for the USER "{{ login }}"
```
